Readme.md, before:

---
cssclass: readme

---

> **What I'm currently Working on:** Image Flags CSS and Documentation




# The Problem of Perfection

I love tinkering around with things and experimenting with CSS brings me lots of excitement and joy. I like sharing cool ideas I’ve had or promising discoveries. When I share something, others will have incredible improvements or creative uses for my ideas that I never would have thought of on my own.

The problem is that when someone asks how I did something or asks for a CSS snippet, I don’t want to share it because an idea is just that, an idea. It isn’t robust, it isn’t complete, it isn’t polished. I’m also a socially prescribed perfectionist so I often will say “You will have to wait”

# Opening Up the Garage Door

The truth is, no idea comes fully formed, no project is ever complete. Even though things may be unfinished, unpolished, and incredibly messy, they still benefit from collaboration and questions (especially in this community where people are so helpful and constructive).

I’ve decided that in this I want to “work with the garage door up” to borrow a phrase. I created and uploaded a sandbox vault into a git repository. This is the vault that I will use for tinkering around with CSS, trying to reproduce bugs and other behaviour, and writing plugins if/when I get to that point. I just started to solidify my notes and CSS snippets so you won’t find everything there just yet, but you will find the CSS that I used for the page layout.

# Inside the Garage

Just like any workspace there will be tools and projects lying around in various stages of completion. However, I hope that you will find insight, help, or simply have fun peaking over my shoulder to ask “what ya’ doin there?” I am hoping this will slowly help combat my unhealthy levels of socially prescribed perfectionism and provide a bit of accountability for me to not procrastinate some basic organization along the way.

Feel free to comment, clone, fork, create pull requests, etc. Ask questions here or on the discord. All those things. If you’d like to join me, send me a message and we can look at setting up some branches for various projects to collaborate on. Thanks for letting me share.


# How to Use: 
There are a few ways to use this repository. These are based on my intentions as the author. You may have a use outside of these, this is OK (provided it's non-malicious) and feel free to use it your own way and share your methods. That's one of the key ideas 

## Grabbing a Snippet
If all you want is a certain snippet, you can navigate to the CSS snippets folder (/.obsidian/snippets) and grab what you need. I've tried to name them appropriately and mark the ones that are done vs the ones that are not. 

## Testing and Tinkering (clone repo)
Want to test out a snippet to see how it works? Want to see how multiple snippets behave together? Want to see how a specific theme interacts with snippets or other code? 
1. Navigate to the main page
2. Select the dropdown arrow on "Code" 

These can all be done through cloning the entire repository. 
This will create a local copy on your hard drive. You can then open the folder as a new obsidian vault:

Commit message:

Image Flags Update
- Added Wording for placing images side by side.
- Adjusted margins and sizes to make images fit in-line
	- sm is 4 images across
	- med is 3 across
	- large is 2 across.
- Added "huge" to take up 2/3rds of the size.
- Added "How to Install" section
- Renamed all CSS files to indicate their status (added explaination to readme file)
- Reorganized Folders to make it easier to find snippet files
- sorted items down into advanced section
- added border options for portrait/landscape
- Clarified size mechanics
- Set default width for core flags to a variable
- changed test image to a better colorful example
- expanded "nofloat" tag section with some more examples
- created a cool HR effect that extends the page boundries. (it even works in minimal theme)

Readme.md, after:

---
cssclass: readme

---

> **What I'm currently Working on:** Image Flags CSS and Documentation




# The Problem of Perfection

I love tinkering around with things and experimenting with CSS brings me lots of excitement and joy. I like sharing cool ideas I’ve had or promising discoveries. When I share something, others will have incredible improvements or creative uses for my ideas that I never would have thought of on my own.

The problem is that when someone asks how I did something or asks for a CSS snippet, I don’t want to share it because an idea is just that, an idea. It isn’t robust, it isn’t complete, it isn’t polished. I’m also a socially prescribed perfectionist so I often will say “You will have to wait”

# Opening Up the Garage Door

The truth is, no idea comes fully formed, no project is ever complete. Even though things may be unfinished, unpolished, and incredibly messy, they still benefit from collaboration and questions (especially in this community where people are so helpful and constructive).

I’ve decided that in this I want to “work with the garage door up” to borrow a phrase. I created and uploaded a sandbox vault into a git repository. This is the vault that I will use for tinkering around with CSS, trying to reproduce bugs and other behaviour, and writing plugins if/when I get to that point. I just started to solidify my notes and CSS snippets so you won’t find everything there just yet, but you will find the CSS that I used for the page layout.

# Inside the Garage

Just like any workspace there will be tools and projects lying around in various stages of completion. However, I hope that you will find insight, help, or simply have fun peaking over my shoulder to ask “what ya’ doin there?” I am hoping this will slowly help combat my unhealthy levels of socially prescribed perfectionism and provide a bit of accountability for me to not procrastinate some basic organization along the way.

Feel free to comment, clone, fork, create pull requests, etc. Ask questions here or on the discord. All those things. If you’d like to join me, send me a message and we can look at setting up some branches for various projects to collaborate on. Thanks for letting me share.


# How to Use: 
There are a few ways to use this repository. These are based on my intentions as the author. You may have a use outside of these, this is OK (provided it's non-malicious) and feel free to use it your own way and share your methods. That's one of the key ideas 

## Grabbing a Snippet
If all you want is a certain snippet, you can navigate to the CSS snippets folder (/.obsidian/snippets) and grab what you need. I've used the following prefixes to indicate files: 
- Files with the prefix "test-" are pure sandbox. You can poke around in them, but these are random scratch pads of ideas and tests so I don't recomend using them.
- Files with the prefix "idea-" are ideas that I've had. These are things I haven't developed beyond ideas. 
- Files with the prefix "pub-" are published. These are open to use, but are still in development. Major changes can still take place, items can be incomplete, and documentation is not complete. 
- Files with the prefix "z-" are approaching zennith. Minor fixes can occur but have been tested and released. Major changes can still occur, but increasingly unlikely.  

## Testing and Tinkering (clone repo)
Want to test out a snippet to see how it works? Want to see how multiple snippets behave together? Want to see how a specific theme interacts with snippets or other code? 
1. Navigate to the main page
2. Select the dropdown arrow on "Code" 

These can all be done through cloning the entire repository. 
This will create a local copy on your hard drive. You can then open the folder as a new obsidian vault:
